hello and welcome to Michael's homes HD
Prince Edward Island's number one source
for high-definition real estate video
good day everyone Michael posnick
century 21 Northumberland your
high-definition real estate agent
marketing your properties socially and
globally today I'm in Mill River or
fortune Cove Road 472 to be exact i'm
looking at a brand new waterfront
listing that sits on almost 20 acres I
have to say I was a little bit skeptical
originally once i saw this property i
was totally amazed this is one of these
homes you just have to get inside to
appreciate so let's go take a look from
the paved road we have a paved driveway
that leads to our very secluded and
private getaway at the end of the
driveway were greeted with this man
garage or a woman garage we've got the
main house the main house roof line that
we're looking at in the right hand frame
there runs perfectly east-west so you
have perfect north south on the front in
the back of the house with power shades
and we have a meticulously landscaped
yard grass is a little dry today in the
middle of the summer usually a
spectacular green and then the two to
three acres that has been developed has
been boarded off with this hedgerow
let's take a look inside this fabulous
garage this is every man's and a lot of
woman's dream this is my dream come true
both front doors and the back door have
an automatic garage-door opener as well
it's so clean you could eat off the
floors although I could spend all day in
the garage we're gonna head to the main
house next there's a double car garage
that's bolted onto the house we've got
our mudroom entrance and then we've got
the formal entrance just to the right
here's just a quick view of the corner
of the house that windows right around
windows covering the back of the house
there again as the windows on the back
of the house for the water front side
whirlpool tub just a few short steps
down to the patio and this is every cats
dream place up there in the middle frame
as you can see many of the neighbors are
into boating this is a boaters paradise
great place to bring your toys to kids
and spend the summer I just came in
through that entrance there which enters
what you could call a mudroom plete with
a main floor washer dryer they put a
freezer here as well there's a door to
the right the leads to the garage we
could probably do an episode just on
this kitchen alone we've got a built-in
dishwasher sink microwave area fridge
we've got a massive countertop cooking
area you could probably serve a hundred
people little bar sink in front of me
mid frame behind that a double wall oven
separate controls we've got a little bit
of a computer area to look up your
recipes or play on Facebook or LinkedIn
connect with me another sink in the
corner there and then there's the
entrance we came in stairs to the
basement or on my right now since this
window faces to the south you can
optionally open and close it
and I've been told in the wintertime
there's enough heat generated through
the skylight that you don't even need to
heat this room look at how that
brightens things up you've even got a
nice big screen TV and it looks like a
entertainment center beside it a little
bit of a sitting area they're right
across from a rather large preparation
table here in the kitchen get a smaller
table there in our barbecue little deck
area is just through that screen door
this would be our formal dining room
which is just down a couple steps from
the kitchen and behind it there's our
barbecue area traversing from the formal
dining room to my left we have a set of
doors down those stairs that open up to
the deck the poodles are windows we can
see nothing but water and boats
beautiful sunny day in the middle we
have a wood fireplace this rather long
hallway comes from the kitchen in that
little TV sitting area which will
eventually lead us to the master bedroom
at the end this is the first room to the
right which is in fact a bedroom with
the closet that's currently being used
as an active office next to that is the
anti Green Gables room named by the
vendor Center frame stirring and herself
across the hall from the two bedrooms is
this common bathroom which includes two
sinks toilet bath tub and a stand-up
shower this is one of the most unique
rooms I've ever seen what it is is it's
a large cube or a square and then with a
cathedral ceiling a fan at the top and
the center cube has your closets and it
has a walk-in bathroom and then the bed
is on one side
severe a walk and bathroom behind the
master suite next will Traverse
downstairs and see what we can find in
the basement and what we find is every
man or woman's dream next up a big
mechanic's garage you've got a pool
table here a games room and lots of
sitting area and then we've got a
bedroom area they're set up as well we
have this wine making room behind that
the double sink and just to the right
would be in storage for the line and of
course there's no better entrance to a
wine making room than a main entrance
that's covered with wine corks thank you
for watching my video that concludes my
coverage of 472 fortune Cove Road just
moments away from one of the best golf
courses and pei at the mill river resort
just down the road please make sure you
take the time to subscribe to my youtube
channel Michael's homes HD calm and for
pei real estate tips tricks and traps
the new listings join my weekly
newsletter Michael's homes com and
finally if you're looking for a listing
agent make sure you drop by damages
thank you have a super day and remember
to buy it right hi there Michael I love
your videos you demand boy you demand
what we're going to do is we're going to
send up my little friend here
and we're gonna get some
we're gonna get some aerial photography
done watch him go